[DOC] Add notes for cgroup permission reverted[skip ci] (#6504)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/yarn-gpu.md

```bash
sudo systemctl restart hadoop-yarn-resourcemanager.service
```

> Note: If `cgroup` is mounted on `tmpfs` and a node is rebooted,

Reviewer: I'm fine with adding a note if our users ran into this.  Is there any existing cgroup or YARN documentation we can point to instead?

Author: should this doc work?
https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man7/cgroups.7.html
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84758614/189597921-71993aa3-e1e6-4b06-9a0d-96ff8c9c9b69.png)

Reviewer: unfortunately that doesn't explicitly talk about reboot so I'm fine with leave this text here if it helps users.

> the cgroup directory permission gets reverted.  In this case, 

Author: updated, thanks

cgroup permission can be updated as follows:
```bash
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/cpu,cpuacct
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/devices
```
or the operation can be added in the systemd scripts:
Create mountCgroup scripts:
```bash
sudo bash -c "cat >/etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service" <<EOF
[Unit]
Description=startup
[Service]
ExecStart=/etc/mountCgroup.sh
Type=oneshot
[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
EOF

sudo bash -c "cat >/etc/mountCgroup.sh" <<EOF
#!/bin/sh
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/cpu,cpuacct
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/devices
EOF

sudo chmod 644 /etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service

> sudo chmod 777 /etc/mountCgroup.sh

Reviewer 2: This should not be 777. Why isn't it 644 like `mountCgroup.service`?

Author: 644 will get an error
`systemd[2523]: startup.service: Failed at step EXEC spawning /etc/startup.sh: Permission denied`
but 655 works, update to 655

```bash
sudo systemctl restart hadoop-yarn-resourcemanager.service
```

> Note: If `cgroup` is mounted on `tempfs`, after one node rebooted,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: If `cgroup` is mounted on `tmpfs`, after one node rebooted,
```

> Note: If `cgroup` is mounted on `tmpfs`, after one node rebooted,
> the cgroup directory permission get reverted, you can manually 
> update the cgroup permission:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note: If `cgroup` is mounted on `tmpfs` and a node is rebooted,
the cgroup directory permission gets reverted.  In this case, 
cgroup permission can be updated as follows:
```

Below is one example of how this can be handled:

> Update the cgroup permission:

Reviewer 4: In gh-pages, the newline does not appear without a blank line in between
```suggestion

Update the cgroup permissions:
```

chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/devices
```

> or you can add the operation as init.d scripts:

Reviewer 3: If we provide a sample of systemd service, we should modify here. It's not init.d.

Author: updated, thanks

> or you can add the operation as init.d scripts:
> Create a cgroup.mount script

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
or the operation can be added in an init.d script:
Create a cgroup.mount script
```

```bash

> sudo vim /etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service

Reviewer 4: It is a slightly confusing to follow these commands, since the first one opens a file, and the second one changes permissions, but the contents of the file are listed below.  Is there a way to simplify the commands so one could copy and paste them into a terminal and they would work?

Author: updated, thanks

> or the operation can be added in the systemd scripts:
> Create mountCgroup scripts:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Or the operation can be added in the systemd scripts:

Create mountCgroup scripts:
```

> sudo chmod 777 /etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service

Reviewer 4: Does  /etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service need to have 777 permissions, or 664?

Author: updated, thanks

sudo bash -c "cat >/etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service" <<EOF
[Unit]
Description=startup
[Service]
ExecStart=/etc/mountCgroup.sh
Type=oneshot
[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
EOF

sudo bash -c "cat >/etc/mountCgroup.sh" <<EOF
#!/bin/sh
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/cpu,cpuacct
chmod a+rwx -R /sys/fs/cgroup/devices
EOF

sudo chmod 644 /etc/systemd/system/mountCgroup.service
sudo chmod 655 /etc/mountCgroup.sh
```

> then start the mountCgroup service:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Then start the mountCgroup service:
```
